Change Log
Version 4.0 to 5.0

BUG FIXES

Extra backslashes shown in Admin->System configuration (issue 122)
Players booking meal ticket but no bunk listed as having booked both (issue 123)
Fixed Meal ticket not recording as true / false. Now checkboxes will display correctly.
Added "Beguile X" to OSP table (issue 124)
Fixed apostrophe issue in encrypted fields (issue 126)
Maelstrom: Help pages displayed help for config items that were not shown on config page
Fixed character export to show OSPs and ancestors correctly.
Fixed booking list csv export to show ancestors correctly and escape quotes in notes fields.
Maelstrom: Show bunk assigned value on admin view details page.
Install script now sets timeout limit & max number of login attempts (issue 130)
Backslashes appear in ticket description if there are quotes (issue 136)
Fix to spell cards required totals (issue 137)
Fixed a bug that was allowing the booking list to be viewed by directly linked to the page, even if it should only show to logged in users.
Update DB script does not add Beguile <X> to OSP list (issue 138)
Create Tables script does not populate config table (issue 139)
Free bookings were not assigned bunk
Group name not always displayed correctly on bookings.php
Bulk marking as paid leads to several confirmations to one person (issue 143)
Show the preferred character name on the admin view details page, admin_viewdetails.php (issue 142)
Double-quotes in medical details screw up CSV export (issue 146)
LT: Added Tiers for sliding specials, High Magic specialisations, and levels for OS Beguile and Fearsome Aspect (issue 150)
Fixed how bunks are assigned by admins to make it more intuitive (issue 140)
Fixed bug creating tables using install tools (issue 152)
Fixed bug in CreateRelease.sh script (issue 153)
Player bunk limit is now respected (issue 127)
Player ID not included in PayPal e-mail (issue 145)
Bunk not assigned when player paid extra for bunk via PayPal (issue 132)
Bookings export did not include car registration (issue 155)
Fixed admin_search.php to include db_prefix in query to return data.
Cannot confirm IC details in Maelstrom version (issue 158)

-----------------------------

OTHER CHANGES

admin_cards.php now shows total number of bunks required (issue 125)
GrepForIssues.sh now puts date run in Bitsand_issues
Altered admin_groups.php and admin_ancestors.php to allow you to view all free-text entries, and assign them to values in the database (issue 128)
Altered the admin_viewdetails.php to allow you to mark a Monster/staff booking's IC information complete when they do not want to play a character.
Added a 'Monster Only' flag to characters table, so you can set to only monster for the current event without overwriting previous character information.
Added an 'Event pack by post' flag to players table, so players can request an event pack to be sent by post.
Added a report to show bookings that have requested an event pack by post.
Added the 'Monster Only' and 'Event pack by post' to the booking export.
Added a link to view details of players with disabled accounts.
Added Pay on Gate Checkbox to Meal Ticket management in admin section, so you can record who has changed their mind about a meal ticket, and that they need to pay on the gate for it.
Change to inc_head_html.php to include a logo, and an admin page style sheet, changed main.css to include an entry for the logo, and added admin.css
LT: Added Plant and Mineral to the Racial Types list.
Change the booking pack by post report to show the booking type.
Updated help files to output nicer HTML, and also added a help style sheet.
When the configuration is changed via the web interface, the e-mail sent to root includes details of the changes (issue 135)
When the configuration is changed via the web interface, player ID of user that made the change is included in the e-mail (issue 135)
Added links to issue tracker and new issue form (issue 141)
Added a custom text field to the final confirmation email page (admin_finalconfirmation.php).
Changed root_oldlogins.php to allow selective deletion of inactive users.
Start page shows whether or not player has bunk allocated, and whether they have bought a meal ticket (issue 147)
admin_bunks.php - move "Bunk Requested" column (issue 148)
Added Car Reg to Booking list export.
LT: Added config setting to allow output of full OS names in booking list export.
Added the ability for a user to unconfirm their details if they have not yet paid (issue 120)
Added the ability for an admin user to delete a booking (issue 120)
LT: Added Faction to the Booking List page (issue 149)
Added the ability for admin users to quickly clear character information (issue 144)
Added the ability for a player to quickly clear their character information (issue 144)
Option to request a bunk is not present if no bunks are available (issue 134)
Changed the navigation to allow most to be performed via links at the top of the page, not the bottom.
LT: Can no longer select multiple OS or Guilds in the UI (issue 76)
LT: Added a feature to allow bookings to be placed in a queue if they are for a player from another faction, controlled by a config setting.
Added e-mail preferences on a user level, can choose whether to recieve e-mails about IC changes, OOC changes, payment made and removal from booking queues.
Do not show "install directory is present" message if user is not logged in
Added function to send test e-mail from install/index.php
Added page to run phpinfo to install directory
Logs a warning when non-admin user attempts to access admin page
Added text to make it clear that payment does not have to be made via PayPal (issue 156)
Added ability for admins to search for character name or player ID (issue 157)
